Hi.
We didn't lecture regrowing to learn how we can export the images that we have created in the adult
beads so that we can use them in the X code.
So in fact let me do the select to tap to select image thing one more time because we actually need
that thing in real life right.
So let me come over here and give some color to our rectangle and I'm going to lose the borders because
we won't be using them.
And then let me bring in some text and I'm going to call this tap to select image okay like this like
we have done before.
So after that let's select the select tool and make this a little bit bigger so we can make the central.
And we can see every text.
Now once we do that actually we can round this rectangle up a little bit so if we choose this right
option over here you can give some values to rub this up for example rather than zero.
You can come over here a can see changes the first coroner.
So rather than zero you can just say six over here and it will run this up so you can give the same
amount.
Same value to every corner.
So you can have a round of the rectangle and by rounded I mean smooth corners.
Now if I choose these views together and I want to group them right so that I can export them.
So I want to right click on those views.
You can just select group from this menu in order to create a group and then you can come over here
and you can just click on this double click on this to change the name of the group that you have created.
OK.
So I'm going to name the something like tapped select image.
After that we get to make sure that we select this to export.
So once we do that then we export some stuff out of this project.
Only these selected items will be X port it's not the others.
For example let me draw a circle over here since I'm not tagging this to be exported.
And you will see that I export something.
It won't be exported.
So let me come over here to export batch.
OK.
Once you select that as you can see now we are saving this into some folder and even the name is select
to image or K tapped select image.
And we are not actually say exporting the circle that we have grown rather than cloud.
I'm going to save this to desktop and we generally go with PSG rather than J PAC.
So if we have any transparent background the PSG shows is transparent the NJ PAC doesn't show it transparently
choses invite.
OK.
So we generally use PND and rather than that or design I'm just going to go with IRS because we're working
with IRS OK.
And it's asking me.
It's actually indicating that it will create something called One X two extra X you will see what this
means.
So let me save this project as well.
So I'm going to save this on my desktop here not in the cloud.
So I'm going to come over here and say select and let me name the something like SELECT image.
OK so that we can see how exciting projects look like as well.
So here you go.
Now we have the equity project and we have the images and we have three of them.
Why do we have three images.
So let me open every each of them so that you can see for yourselves that we have the bigger sizes now
one X means this base image the smallest image over here and 2 x means this bigger image in the middle
and 3 X means the biggest image.
Why do we have all those.
Because we have different screen sizes in iPhones and nine parts.
So X code will actually actually work and try to figure out which one to use when it's necessary.
So if we're using a big screen iPad it will only use the 3 x 1 and if we're using an iPhone AC it will
probably use this one x.
So if we don't do that it will be too much pixilated in the big screen sizes so it won't look good.
OK.
So let me create an X called Project and show you what I mean.
So I'm going to just called is designed task because we're not going to do much over here we're just
going to bring in those assets.
So I'm going to create this under my regular I guess project folder.
I don't believe I need to upload this to get help later on anyway.
But right now I'm just creating this and I suggest you do the same as well so that you can get a hold
of what it feels like to work with the sets as you can see.
Now I can bring in the One X but now I can just bring in the 2 x and three X as well.
And since I done that separately the didn't understand but I can just drag this down and I can just
delete the other one the empty one and I can just go with that I can even change its name to whatever
I want.
So right now I have three versions of this image even though I'm only going to use one in the main storyboard.
It's Will under sense which one to use when it's necessary.
So let me bring in some image view for example and let me make this a little bit bigger.
And if I come over here to image I can only see one because I only have one image anyway but I have
different sizes different options for that image.
So if I work with a big size it will use the three X if I work with a small size it will just use the
one X and if you click one of those you can see the attributes you can see the properties as well.
Okay.
For example you can come over here if you really want to do some things specific to iPhones you can
just choose it or you can just go for i pads as well.
But if you're developing an app for iPhone and iPad at the same time you can just go for universal like
it's the default option if you're working something for Apple TV I suggest you go just check this out
and create some images exclusively for Apple TV as well but in our case most of the time we want to
work with universal think okay and we have to supply the 1 x 2 x and x images over here so you can see
the other properties over here like the size of the image the name of the image.
And I believe that's it for the properties.
Now you know how to expert images and how to bring them in and how to use them for different screen
sizes and you know how to work with the Adobe 60 at least in an introductory manner.
Okay.
So you know the basics you know how to use the views you know how to use the operations and stuff.
Now I believe it's time for us to stop here and within the next six year we're going to practice what
we have learned so far.